now the famine was severe in the land
now the famine was severe in the land and it came to pass when they had eaten
and it came to pass when they had eaten
and it came to pass when they had eaten up the grain which they had brought from
up the grain which they had brought from
up the grain which they had brought from Egypt that their father said to them go
Egypt that their father said to them go
Egypt that their father said to them go back buy us a little food but Judah
back buy us a little food but Judah
back buy us a little food but Judah spoke to him the man solemnly warned us
spoke to him the man solemnly warned us
spoke to him the man solemnly warned us saying you shall not see my face unless
saying you shall not see my face unless
saying you shall not see my face unless your brother is with you if you send our
your brother is with you if you send our
your brother is with you if you send our brother with us we will go down and buy
brother with us we will go down and buy
brother with us we will go down and buy you food but if you will not send him we
you food but if you will not send him we
you food but if you will not send him we will not go down for the man said to us
will not go down for the man said to us
will not go down for the man said to us you shall not see my face unless your
you shall not see my face unless your
you shall not see my face unless your brother is with you
brother is with you
brother is with you why did you deal so wrongfully with me
why did you deal so wrongfully with me
why did you deal so wrongfully with me as to tell the man whether you had still
as to tell the man whether you had still
as to tell the man whether you had still another brother the man asked us
another brother the man asked us
another brother the man asked us pointedly about ourselves and our family
pointedly about ourselves and our family
pointedly about ourselves and our family saying is your father still alive have
saying is your father still alive have
saying is your father still alive have you another brother and we told him
you another brother and we told him
you another brother and we told him according to these words could we
according to these words could we
according to these words could we possibly have known that he would say
possibly have known that he would say
possibly have known that he would say bring your brother down then Judah said
bring your brother down then Judah said
bring your brother down then Judah said to Israel his father
to Israel his father
to Israel his father send the lad with me and we will arise
send the lad with me and we will arise
send the lad with me and we will arise and go that we may live and not die
and go that we may live and not die
and go that we may live and not die both we and you and also our little ones
both we and you and also our little ones
both we and you and also our little ones I myself will be surety for him
I myself will be surety for him
I myself will be surety for him from my hand you shall require him if I
from my hand you shall require him if I
from my hand you shall require him if I do not bring him back to you and set him
do not bring him back to you and set him
do not bring him back to you and set him before you then let me bear the blame
before you then let me bear the blame
before you then let me bear the blame forever for if we had not lingered
forever for if we had not lingered
forever for if we had not lingered surely by now we would have returned the
surely by now we would have returned the
surely by now we would have returned the second time if it must be so then do
second time if it must be so then do
second time if it must be so then do this take some of the best fruits of the
this take some of the best fruits of the
this take some of the best fruits of the land and your vessels and carry down a
land and your vessels and carry down a
land and your vessels and carry down a present for the man a little balm and a
present for the man a little balm and a
present for the man a little balm and a little honey spices and myrrh pistachio
little honey spices and myrrh pistachio
little honey spices and myrrh pistachio nuts and almonds take double money in
nuts and almonds take double money in
nuts and almonds take double money in your hand and take back in your hand the
your hand and take back in your hand the
your hand and take back in your hand the money that was returned at the mouth of
money that was returned at the mouth of
money that was returned at the mouth of your sacks perhaps it was an oversight
your sacks perhaps it was an oversight
your sacks perhaps it was an oversight take your brother also and arise go back
take your brother also and arise go back
take your brother also and arise go back to the man and may God Almighty give you
to the man and may God Almighty give you
to the man and may God Almighty give you mercy before the man that he may release
mercy before the man that he may release
mercy before the man that he may release your other brother and Benjamin if I am
your other brother and Benjamin if I am
your other brother and Benjamin if I am bereaved
bereaved
bereaved I am bereaved so the man took that
I am bereaved so the man took that
I am bereaved so the man took that present and Benjamin and they took
present and Benjamin and they took
present and Benjamin and they took double money in their hand and arose and
double money in their hand and arose and
double money in their hand and arose and went down to Egypt and they stood before
went down to Egypt and they stood before
went down to Egypt and they stood before Joseph when Joseph saw Benjamin with
Joseph when Joseph saw Benjamin with
Joseph when Joseph saw Benjamin with them he said to the steward of his house
them he said to the steward of his house
them he said to the steward of his house take these men to my home and slaughter
take these men to my home and slaughter
take these men to my home and slaughter an animal and make ready for these men
an animal and make ready for these men
an animal and make ready for these men will dine with me at noon then the man
will dine with me at noon then the man
will dine with me at noon then the man did as Joseph ordered and the man
did as Joseph ordered and the man
did as Joseph ordered and the man brought the men into Joseph's house
now the men were afraid because they
now the men were afraid because they were brought into Joseph's house it is
were brought into Joseph's house it is
were brought into Joseph's house it is because of the money which was returned
because of the money which was returned
because of the money which was returned in our sacks the first time that we are
in our sacks the first time that we are
in our sacks the first time that we are brought in so that he may make a case
brought in so that he may make a case
brought in so that he may make a case against us and seize us to take us as
against us and seize us to take us as
against us and seize us to take us as slaves with our donkeys when they drew
slaves with our donkeys when they drew
slaves with our donkeys when they drew near to the steward of Joseph's house
near to the steward of Joseph's house
near to the steward of Joseph's house they talked with him at the door of the
they talked with him at the door of the
they talked with him at the door of the house Osler we indeed came down the
house Osler we indeed came down the
house Osler we indeed came down the first time to buy food but it happened
first time to buy food but it happened
first time to buy food but it happened when we came to the encampment that we
when we came to the encampment that we
when we came to the encampment that we opened our sacks and there each man's
opened our sacks and there each man's
opened our sacks and there each man's money was in the mouths of his sack our
money was in the mouths of his sack our
money was in the mouths of his sack our money in full weight so we have brought
money in full weight so we have brought
money in full weight so we have brought it back in our hand and we have brought
it back in our hand and we have brought
it back in our hand and we have brought down other money in our hands to buy
down other money in our hands to buy
down other money in our hands to buy food we do not know who put our money in
food we do not know who put our money in
food we do not know who put our money in our sacks peace be with you
our sacks peace be with you
our sacks peace be with you do not be afraid your God and the god of
do not be afraid your God and the god of
do not be afraid your God and the god of your father has given you treasure in
your father has given you treasure in
your father has given you treasure in your sex I had your money then he
your sex I had your money then he
your sex I had your money then he brought simeon out to them so the man
brought simeon out to them so the man
brought simeon out to them so the man brought the men into Joseph's house and
brought the men into Joseph's house and
brought the men into Joseph's house and gave them water and they washed their
gave them water and they washed their
gave them water and they washed their feet and he gave their donkeys feed then
feet and he gave their donkeys feed then
feet and he gave their donkeys feed then they made the present ready for Joseph's
they made the present ready for Joseph's
they made the present ready for Joseph's coming at noon for they heard that they
coming at noon for they heard that they
coming at noon for they heard that they would eat bread there and when Joseph
would eat bread there and when Joseph
would eat bread there and when Joseph came home they brought him the present
came home they brought him the present
came home they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house
which was in their hand into the house
which was in their hand into the house and bowed down before him to the earth
then he asked them about their well
then he asked them about their well being is your father well the old man of
being is your father well the old man of
being is your father well the old man of whom you spoke is he still alive
whom you spoke is he still alive
whom you spoke is he still alive your servant our father is in good
your servant our father is in good
your servant our father is in good health
health
health he is still alive and they bowed their
he is still alive and they bowed their
he is still alive and they bowed their heads down and frustrated themselves
heads down and frustrated themselves
heads down and frustrated themselves then he lifted his eyes and saw his
then he lifted his eyes and saw his
then he lifted his eyes and saw his brother Benjamin his mother's son is
brother Benjamin his mother's son is
brother Benjamin his mother's son is this your younger brother of whom you
this your younger brother of whom you
this your younger brother of whom you spoke to me God be gracious to you my
spoke to me God be gracious to you my
spoke to me God be gracious to you my son now his heart yearned for his
son now his heart yearned for his
son now his heart yearned for his brother
brother
brother so Joseph made haste and sought
so Joseph made haste and sought
so Joseph made haste and sought somewhere to
and he went into his chamber and wept
and he went into his chamber and wept there and he washed his face and came
there and he washed his face and came
there and he washed his face and came out and he restrained himself serve the
out and he restrained himself serve the
out and he restrained himself serve the bread so they set him a place by himself
bread so they set him a place by himself
bread so they set him a place by himself and then by themselves and the Egyptians
and then by themselves and the Egyptians
and then by themselves and the Egyptians who ate with him by themselves because
who ate with him by themselves because
who ate with him by themselves because the Egyptians could not eat food with
the Egyptians could not eat food with
the Egyptians could not eat food with the Hebrews for that is an abomination
the Hebrews for that is an abomination
the Hebrews for that is an abomination to the Egyptians and they sat before him
to the Egyptians and they sat before him
to the Egyptians and they sat before him the firstborn according to his
the firstborn according to his
the firstborn according to his birthright and the youngest according to
birthright and the youngest according to
birthright and the youngest according to his youth and the men looked in
his youth and the men looked in
his youth and the men looked in astonishment at one another
astonishment at one another
astonishment at one another then he took servings to them from
then he took servings to them from
then he took servings to them from before him but Benjamin's serving was
before him but Benjamin's serving was
before him but Benjamin's serving was five times as much as any of theirs so
five times as much as any of theirs so
five times as much as any of theirs so they drank and will marry with him